we just dropped day me off and she's
going to head back to Las Vegas and we
had a great time didn't we kiss i am so
excited for them to move here we a me
and i had a fun day we looked at um
houses whoa it's it's way more fun to
look at places for other people to live
mm-hmm when you don't have to make the
decision you're just had to enjoy
walking through some people's weird
houses and like meeting some interesting
people and like some really nice people
and some really weird people and create
some Thai food like it was just it was a
fun day and um now it's their turn to
move their lives to different city it's
really really exciting though and what a
coincidence that they're moving here too
I know how funny is it so happy like our
friends from our study are moving to our
new city and it's like it's funny how
things work out it but if I could pick
you know too if I could pick any family
to come join us here like me them I'm
sorry to any other family and their kids
and their wives and husbands not cool
they don't want to move here though if
they wanted to I would pick them all so
how many families camp it can I I want
to pick ten families huh can I do you
are all invited to live here with us in
the promised land it's been fun though
it's been a lot of fun so much fun what
there you go what did you do today what
did you do today her you hey you kid
he's busy there's taxis over there he's
thinking how much do I gotta pay you
guys to get me out of the car with this
crazy this crazy brah
you you to what you have fun today good
would you like some water well the Sun
has gone down I'm editing some videos
and just getting some relaxation in and
we dropped me off at the airport as you
know and you know of course we're so we
feel so fortunate we have some of the
greatest friends and YouTube has given
us so much and Amy actually just tweeted
this pretty much this very same thing
but it's crazy to think about how many
of our close friends we've met through
YouTube and how many great experiences
we've had through YouTube and what I
what a huge part of our life it's become
and it's crazy because did you know this
and go back if you want to unload clip
we started our YouTube channels the same
time as Apollo November of 2010 was our
first upload and that was their first
upload and it's crazy no and how much
different our lives would be if we
wouldn't have started posting on youtube
and just yeah that was kind of the theme
of the weekend with Erica name if we
were just even talking about how cool
it's been and how how fortunate we feel
we are so thank you as always for the
support it means the world what an
eventful weekend I did the dirty dash on
Saturday hung out Eric and Amy yesterday
and today and look what a great start to
the week good stuff so I promise you
that there's a lot of good stuff
happening I promise you that there's so
many exciting things on the way and to
top everything off we have a baby coming
can you believe that we have a baby
coming so awesome we're so excited so
tons of good stuff happening don't you
worry we're gonna bring you right along
with us and we're gonna you know be some
trail mix along the way
not really I don't even really like
trail mix I picked the Eminem's out I'm
just saying I took the amount oh I don't
like peanuts or almonds or cashews but I
like it with names and they're like
raisins you know what Alex putting
raisins in salad like five a salad but
you know like ranch dressing I are blue
cheese I put in a few raisins in there
Cassie thinks I'm a disgusting human
fairies but I love it have you tried it
try it get a salad don't overdo with the
with the raisins just sprinkle some in
there just a little sprinkling like this
some people like oranges and their salad
or apples or walnuts and if you like
those things in your sound let me tell
you something that's a crime against
nature don't don't put apples in this
salad that's seriously don't walnuts
don't do that okay there's actually laws
against that did you know there are
actually laws against that oh whoa Eric
when he was here remember when he was
ringing the bell take capital well he
made a law against that and so maybe you
don't know about it yet but i just want
to give you a heads up so you don't get
arrested for putting apples or walnuts
in a salad or mandarin oranges just
heads up being you know and it's not
just an Idaho law he he did it so that
it was kind of a worldwide thing so just
a heads up just a community service I'm
hooking you up so you're welcome and
it's not my Lots his you know so you
know I I just share the information I'm
not the one that was hidden it was him
okay okay we'll see you guys soon soon
as in tomorrow cuz I'm gonna post two
videos tomorrow so I get it today and
yesterday and the day before it anyways
see you next time